I have coded these patterns already

1) Traversing the matrix
2) In a tree print the level orders, zigzag order, rearview etc. 
3) Kadane's algorithm for finding the maximum contigous subarray sum 
    the algorithm goes like this. 
     you keep adding the numbers. 
     when it becomes less than 0, you reset to zero. and then keep adding it. 
     if it's positive it's going to be all the numbers. 
     if it's negative, it's going to be the minimum number. do it once more 
4) next palindrome 
   -- what's the trick here. 
      need to come to the first descending point and then you iterate from that position 
      to the position where it finds the number less than the current. 
      important point is to swap the number just before the (less than current number) 
      because it is guaranteed to be more than the current number 
      then reverse the elements. (practice once more)
5) Sorting algorithms 
   a) merge sort -- recursion, the merge function accepts the positions it needs to merge. 
      merge(array, startpos, midpoint, endpos) 
      create new array and then put the elements in the left and rightarray 
      now compare the elements in the arrays and then put the element in the actual array. 
   
   b) quick sort -- recursion 2 pointers. we need to choose the pivot element. 
      last element is the pivot element. at each iteration all the elements less than pivot comes to the left
      and all the elements greater than pivot moves to the right. 

      start with 2 pointers i and j. one for tracking the element 
      greater than pivot
      and another for tracking elements less than pivot. 
      basically one pointer just to point at the starting of greater elements
      so that we can swap the lesser elements.
  


      8 2 3 10 4 7 2 4 18 4 6

      6 is pivot 
      first iter 2  8 

   c) heapsort 
       -- still need to get used to it. 

6) Rotating the matrix. do a transpose and then swap (easy solution)


Heaps  -- 3
linked lists -- 3
Graph traversal -- 3
binary search 
is bt a bst? 
lowest common ancestor of a bst. 

System design -- do 4 or 5 design interviews in pramp. 
behavioral -- prepare for a day, do 2 or 3 pramp 





